Okay.
So let's arrive to the first part of the series and which is a commentary on the game.
Here I'll be defining and discussing what are commentary all games.
So as you can see the definition.
It is that commentary.
The games are dubious and games with perfect information and no right and whether win or lose outcome.
So I laid them point by point by point and then we'll discuss each of the points.
The first part here is.
There are.
Two person.
Playing the game.
But in our case, in the in our series, we named him Allison Bob.
Hmm.
Cool.
In short, Ian.
Right.
Okay.
So the first part of the Commonwealth Games is that there are two persons playing, right, which is
Alice and Bob for now.
And we assume that both Alice and Bob are supercomputers.
What does this mean?
That they play optimally.
Right.
So let me date.
And they're done optimally.
The both the players are playing optimally.
So it means that I'm in a particular location and if there is a chance to win eight little smiles,
I'm on a particular position and it's a chance to win and I will win.
I cannot unsee that.
Eight So I'm playing optimally.
If I can win, if there's a winning pattern, then I will play that burden only.
So I'm a supercomputer.
I'll win it, for example.
For example, if you play chess, you can understand it in this way that let's say you're playing chess
and you see a checkmate.
A forced checkmate informs fate.
Then you will play that move.
Only you cannot.
Like give Bob the second chance or third chance.
Nothing like that.
There are no optional moves, no chance moves, nothing like that.
It's ideal situation, right?
So there are two persons playing Allison Bob.
Both of them are supercomputers.
They are playing optimally and they are.
Alternating guns.
And so one day my list plays, then the ball plays and analysis and ball and so on.
Right.
Well, so in the second part, we'll see.
I hope the first thing is clear to you all.
Now, the second is that there are.
Finite.
Set of positions of the game.
Out of positions, though always a game is defined by a set of positions and rules.
So what we can see is a set of positions and moves.
So there are there are a finite set of positions in a comedy or a real game.
And, and.
All the rules are predefined.
That means they are defined with the perfect information.
You cannot think of anything of our own.
There should be no doubt in your mind when you read.
Game to regulation because they are they contain the perfect information and there are no random moves,
no dance move, nothing like that.
So there's always a set of positions.
And we are like in the whole of the game, we are jumping from one position to the other position by
making a move.
Clear.
It's initially we were on some state X, we moved on the state by by making a move.
Now the other plays on the State Y and then he will move again and again.
The game will shift to another position.
And now again, possibly, as John said, with so it's alternating and we are switching positions.
So there's always a finite of positions.
There cannot be an always countable set of positions.
And.
Right.
So the rules of the game set specifically for the both of the players.
So on the basis of that, I on the basis of that, we can classify the games into two parts impartial
games in partisan games, eight impartial games in the desert of what's available from any given position
is the same for both the players right and barred by shill games.
Partisan games is in which each player has a different set of possible moves from a given position.
Okay, so let's talk about chess.
It's just a shell game or partially.
Right, because white moves, because a player moves from white and the second player move from black
but from a particular set.
Both the players do not have the same option of moving into the picture that they both were playing
on.
Same pieces, that there were only one kind of pieces.
And because the first guy was playing white cannot move black pieces.
And that cigarette guy who's playing black cannot move the white pieces.
Right.
But let's say that was not the case.
Each of them were able to play any move on the board.
Then it can be considered as a imbecility because the set of rules.
What each position?
Hey, that's what I was talking about here.
Positions that of rules for each position is same for both the players.
If that is the case, then only it's an impartial game.
Otherwise, it's a partial game.
They.
Always remember.
If we are on the opposition and both the players are able to make the same move, whether it is a chance
of Alice or Bob, but both are able to play the same moves from that position.
There is no exception in that.
If Alice, then this, if Bob, then this.
Nothing like that.
Then only we say them impartially.
Eight.
Okay.
So we.
Oh, no.
Okay.
Say.
Yeah.
So now what we have.
This part is done.
Then the next part is that there are two types of rules of the game.
And the first one is the normal game.
And the second is a misery.
What does this mean, guys?
Normal means, of course, guys.
What will happen at a particular point of time?
Because we have some final set of auditions, right.
And we are always jumping from one person to another.
So at some point of time, we will be reaching a communal position and redefining the dominant position,
the next section.
What is the manipulation when a player is not able to make a move from that position?
It is a terminal position, right?
So.
At some point of time because we have finite number of positions.
At some point of time, we will reach a terminal position from where nobody is able to make a move.
So what happens in normal game is that.
The normal.
In normal.
What happens there?
The last player to move, Vince.
Last year to make a move.
Move.
Vince.
Good.
So let's say I'm Alice.
I give.
I make.
I made a move.
Now, Bob is not able to make a move according to the rules.
Right?
Then Bob will lose in the normal game because I was the last player who made a move.
So.
Who's ever Jon Stewart is and is on the dominant position.
If we lose.
But the opposite happens in the middle.
So what happens in this role?
To make a move, Lewis.
Well, you guys.
So the last player who makes them will lose it.
So we'll be discussing both of these days on the game of name in the name section.
Normal name and the middle name and will derive the conditions.
Isn't that right?
In the next section we'll be discussing about the takeover games.
So see you there.